# Bug Bounty

<table><thead><tr><th width="137">Category</th><th width="160">Bounty</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Low</td><td>$100 - $300</td><td>Minor bugs or inconsistencies around the accuracy of the data shown on the frontend vs the calculated/executed data on the backend, tiny error margin should not be considered as a bounty. These type of reports should not have any real impact on the business operations.</td></tr><tr><td>Medium</td><td>$300 - $2,000</td><td>Vulnerabilities which can arise from a DDoS, social engineering and deceit. Fostering a security and ensuring that the security can be bypassed and acted on behalf of the customer by either having physical access or social engineered access. Has impact on the business operations.</td></tr><tr><td>High</td><td>$2,000 - $10,000</td><td>Gaining unauthorised access (limited or full) to a sub system which contains sensitive data, being able to copy or modify this data which does not really affect customer's balances. Anything which can reduce the availability of the service for a short period of time or include a data loss which will need recovery.</td></tr><tr><td>Critical</td><td>$10,000 - $100,000</td><td>Critical reproducible exploits which can either affect the existing customer or other customers balances. Anything which is critical to the business operations and can bring down the exchange to a halt due to loss of funds.</td></tr></tbody></table>

Users can submit a bug report via our discord ticketing system at the following link [https://discord.com/invite/rabbitx](https://discord.com/invite/rabbitx)
